# Infratographer Community Meeting 2023-05-11 @10:30am CT

[Zoom Link](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88057942869?pwd=Vnd1OWplazFwREJQeWFHWks4MUptQT09)

## Agenda

* [ ] Welcome new members and guests
* [ ] Review previous meeting minutes
<!-- WIP
* [ ] Review open issues and pull requests
* [ ] Review new issues and pull requests
* [ ] Review project board
-->
* [ ] Review project status
* [ ] SIG updates
* [ ] Open discussion
* [ ] Review action items

## Attendees

* @andy-v-h
* @nicolerenee
* @sfunkhouser
*
*
*
*
*

## Previous Meeting Minutes

* NA

## Project Status

## SIG Updates

Updates from representatives of each SIG.

### Community

* @andy-v-h (3 min)

* Who is the community?
  * Anyone who is interested in modern infrastructure (specifically on-prem/colocation, today) - We're happy to have you
  * Anyone who contributes - We'd love some help
  * Anyone who follows the [code of conduct](https://infratographer.com/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [BDFL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benevolent_dictator_for_life) - @nicolerenee

* How to contribute
  * Fork the repo to your account/org ‚Ü£
    * Make changes ‚ú®
    * Submit a PR üìù
  * Respond to feedback üîÑ
  * Get merged ‚Ü©
  * Good vides ü§†
  * [More info](https://infratographer.com/community/contributing/#contact)

* What does the community look like?
  * What does it take to be a member?
    * Anyone can be a member of the community who:
      * Is active in Infratographer Slack or GitHub/Infratographer
      * Follows the [code of conduct](https://infratographer.com/community/code-of-conduct/)
    * A contributor additionally does one or more of the following:
      * Open a PR
      * Provide feedback on a PR
      * Open issues
      * Help answer questions
      * Help triage issues
    * A SIG leader is a contributor who also:
      * Displays subject matter expertise
      * Has a deep understanding of either the codebase or the domain.
      * These are the individuals who will approve PRs and merge PRs.
    * Reach out to @nicolerenee in Slack to request Contributor or SIG Leader status
  * What are the responsibilities of all members?
    * Active participation in the community (e.g. contributing code, reviewing PR, etc.)
    * Display common best practices for production-level software (e.g. testing, documentation, etc.)
    * Transparency in decision making - Why do you follow a certain path, why one language over another, etc?
    * Transparency in communication - Why you're doing something, why you're not doing something, etc.
    * Transparency in intentions - What outcomes are you trying to achieve, what are you trying to solve, etc?
  * What are the expectations?
    * Be active
    * Be helpful
    * Be honest
    * Be kind
    * Be open
    * Be patient
    * Be respectful

* What is the general shape of the community?
  * At this stage, we intend to be a flat community with a BDFL. Once there is a more robust community, we will revisit this.
  * Our goal is to build an ecosystem of tools that can be used to bring a cloud-like experience to on-prem/colo environments. We want to build a community that is focused on solving this problem.


### Bootstrap

* @nicolerenee (7 min)

### Release

* @nicolerenee (5 min)

### Identity

* @jnschaeffer (5 min)

### Come up with more SIGs

Node Resolver, permission-api

We want to roughly group the SIGs into the following with broad scopes, or more narrow scopes. Some topics will span multiple concerns, others will be more focused on a single concern. E.g., the bootstrap SIG will be focused on bootstrapping the majority of the project and laying foundations that enable future work, the identity SIG will be focused on the tenancy, permission, and auth* of the project and how it is represented, etc.

* @nicolerenee (5 min)


## Open Discussion

Questions and comments from the community.

### A brief history of Infratographer

* @nicolerenee (12 min)

## Action Items

* [ ] @andy-v-h to create a new doc for the next meeting
* [ ] @andy-v-h to move membership info to the website
* [ ] @nicolerenee publish roadmap