# Infratographer Community Meeting 2023-08-17 @10:30am CT

[Zoom Link](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88057942869?pwd=Vnd1OWplazFwREJQeWFHWks4MUptQT09)

## Agenda

* [ ] Welcome new members and guests
* [ ] Review previous meeting minutes
* [ ] Review project status
* [ ] SIG updates
* [ ] Open discussion
* [ ] Review action items

## Attendees

* @andy-v-h
* @nicolerenee
* @sfunkhouser
*
*

## Project Status

## SIG Updates

Updates from representatives of each SIG, as needed.

### Virtual machines

Kicked off work on the VM SIG.  We have a few volunteers to help with the SIG.  We are working on the basics of the code bases. Design will roughly follow load balancers for now

### Compute

The initial work for server-api is kicking off for tracking bare metal servers.

### Events

Update on current state of events refactor.

## Open Discussion

## Action Items
