# Infratographer Community Meeting 2023-06-01 @10:30am CT

[Zoom Link](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/88057942869?pwd=Vnd1OWplazFwREJQeWFHWks4MUptQT09)

## Agenda

* [x] Welcome new members and guests
* [x] Review previous meeting minutes
* [x] Review project status
* [x] SIG updates
* [x] Open discussion
* [ ] Review action items

## Attendees

* @andy-v-h
* @nicolerenee
* @sfunkhouser
*
*


## Project Status

## Announcements

### License Changes

## SIG Updates

Updates from representatives of each SIG, as needed.

### Community

* Moving to lower community cadence
* Self-service meeting invite, coming soon â„¢

### Bootstrap

* API Gateway generation code coming soon. Enables building node-resolver and supergraph files
* No movement on open Apollo Federation bug impacting `@interfaceObject`s
* HA Proxy provider for Load Balancers being updated to use new `events` package from `x`

## Open Discussion

* Concerns over license change, left to further discussion and exploration. 

## Action Items
